Auto/add readme common pkg (#567)
tier4/AutowareArchitectureProposal.iv: common/util/autoware_global_parameter_loader/Readme.md

# Autoware Global Parameter Loader

> This package is to get global parameters.

Reviewer: get global parameters

set (global) ROS parameters to each node?

Author: de06326

## Usage

> Add launch file to below description to get global parameters in the node.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Add the following lines to the launch file of the node in which you want to get global parameters.
```
IMO: Clarify the description.
